The Varanasi Public School is the culmination of vision, inspiration and zeal of worthy members of the Varanasi Shiksha Samiti, Varanasi. Its foundation stone was laid down by the benevolent hands of Shri S.N. Pandey, a Renowned Educationist Administrator and Social Worker.

The Journey from infancy to adolescence has been tough but the encouragement of the welwishers at various stages inspires the promotes to move further at the unprecedented pace. VPS got affiliation to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, in January 2005.

-> Chairman Message :-

Only education leads man towards perfection in life. And this very statement impresses us to quest for a healthy education which is a never ending process. So it is essential to highlight the values of education with its traditional openness which still faces enormous challenges and dangers. One should agree that prosperity of a nation absolutely lays in strengthening education which is only and solely source of the entire development of the either society and nation.

The great wealth of any prosperous nation is childen and the great success of the nation is in their success. So VPS has been focusing special attention on the all round develoment of children. to unveil their hidden treasure, analytical system of study is being transported for widening the horizon of their knowledge.

By promoting the newly pattern of study alongwith the whole set of educational practices our school is fast fulfilling its tryst with destiny. This system of education has generated overwhelming response from all over the city and states. Being duty bound to sure value based educational system we have been gaining the encouraging response and enthusiasm of the parents. This all is being done emphatically with an energetic team of teachers having religious commitments.

The VPS is Proud of possessing the uninterrupted flow of education which quenches the thirst of students' learning through well-knitted chain of academics and spiritual pursuits.

SHRI VIJAY KUMAR JAISWAL
(Chairman)